# Foreword
After trying **FreeRTOS + Lwip**, I moved on to **threadX + NetXDuo**. This new project tested the capabilities of the client and server of iperf. The test duration exceeded 1000 seconds and there were no interruption issues. Even my running indicator did not stop. Therefore, I decided to proceed with the project development based on this case.

One of the advantages of NetXDuo is that compared to Lwip, it can significantly reduce many issues related to memory management, allowing you to no longer focus on memory alignment, descriptor and stack memory matching problems, thereby reducing many issues and enabling you to focus more on application development. However, this is only possible if you are familiar with the Ethernet processing of the STM32H7 series, as well as the configuration of the MPU and Cache.

# Structure
This project uses the original engineering generated by stm32cubemx. On this basis, ThreadX was added first, followed by NetXDuo. If you look at the inc file directory of my Keil project, you will find some additional official extensions in the FileX and NetXDuo files. These extensions were used during my testing and I kept them to avoid adding them repeatedly in the future. Moreover, these extensions will not affect the compilation and running of the project.

Below are the release dates of each library used in my project. All the libraries were fetched from GitHub.
```
stm32cubemx 6.17.0
Keil::STM32H7xx_DFP@4.1.3
Eclipse ThreadX v6.5.0.202601
Eclipse ThreadX NetX Duo 6.5.0.202601
Eclipse ThreadX FileX v6.5.0.202601
```

**Keil uses the AC6 compiler.**
# Notice
The initialization and testing contents of NetXDuo are all contained in the `netx_app.c` file.

The macro `NETX_TCP_USE_CLIENT` can be modified to specify whether it is for testing the client or the server.

During the testing process, I attempted to use the `nx_packet_data_append` function of NetXDuo. This triggered the **busy** problem of `HAL_ETH_Transmit_IT`. This was similar to the issue I encountered earlier in the LWIP and fell under the category of descriptor processing, memory alignment, and cache-related problems. Therefore, I removed nx_packet_data_append and used the tx logic of the official test tool iperf.

If you want to use the BSD interface, you can directly import the file `nxd_bsd.c` located in the directory `netxduo\addons\BSD`. Then, according to the instructions [in this article](https://github.com/eclipse-threadx/rtos-docs/blob/main/rtos-docs/netx-duo/netx-duo-bsd/chapter2.md), modify the corresponding macros and add the initialization function.
